c:\users\20100\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\20100\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\20100\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form1.resources
c:\users\20100\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\20100\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\20100\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
c:\users\20100\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\20100\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\CalithaLib.dll
c:\users\20100\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\GoldParserEngine.dll
c:\users\20100\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
c:\users\20100\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\Downloads\Telegram Desktop\gg\pld\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\DELL\Downloads\Telegram Desktop\gg\pld\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\DELL\Downloads\Telegram Desktop\gg\pld\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\Downloads\Telegram Desktop\gg\pld\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\DELL\Downloads\Telegram Desktop\gg\pld\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form1.resources
C:\Users\DELL\Downloads\Telegram Desktop\gg\pld\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\DELL\Downloads\Telegram Desktop\gg\pld\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\DELL\Downloads\Telegram Desktop\gg\pld\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\DELL\Downloads\Telegram Desktop\gg\pld\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\DELL\Downloads\Telegram Desktop\gg\pld\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\DELL\Downloads\Telegram Desktop\gg\pld\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
